Welcome to the tech news of the
week 7
and we start again with the gtx 970
and that's about it again
memory problem meanwhile have become
Some dealers have registered and it has been
then it confirms that actually
There were surprisingly few returns and
among the returnees were also
sometimes not even that
memory problem as a reason
but some use even then
just the current events around
simpler graphics card because of the
to give gay fitness back so
Here also a clever action that one
just times the courendte dealers
take advantage of his card with
to give back to gay deep
but as I said there was really only a lot
little regression and I can
Actually I understand too
not really expected it now
There are many returns because the 970 is
nevertheless one of the best graphics cards
for the price and most will be with you
just live this little problem
can
There is simply no right one
alternative that's why I already knew
that it is not really too much
it will continue to come
with nvidia and that may be soon
that nvidia shield tablet 2 presented
There is definitely the third
third that is in March one
Announcement from nvidia but what exactly
is not yet known but
So far, all speculate that it is
the second version of the nvidia shield
tablet is acting and nvidia has too
confirmed that the tegra saved up
in any case the focus on the automobiles
and the gaming lays down is either
itself steady and therefore
underpinned is again all that
it's probably this
nvidia shield tablet 2 will act then
there is one more here
interesting benchmark by i
wolf there were 14 graphics cards in the
Comparison tested and wanted
Just show it for a minute because I have it
damn interesting if you look
always the full hd resolution is looked at
the gtx 480 at the very front at about 9 o'clock
percent if you now but 4k or
hd resolution
simply have the amd cards change
still process so the com with
higher resolution simply still one
better clear
clear the clock the resolution is always
still unplayable would be with 24 fps
no one likes to play but even in
the 2k resolution is gr 990x before
texts 980 so respect for something
older to the cards and I'm up
every case really curious what is in there
future of amd will come in this
news is about directx 12 because that is
yes so the contrast to the coats off and
There are now some benchmarks
surfaced and confirm that
between the human api and thus x12
are severely degrading takes place and that
the two are actually the same size
or
are equally good but it will be
talked about that the coat
become mentally ap meanwhile then meaningless
is because with windows 10 becomes the 36 12
come and windows just so far
more widespread and also offers for one
video and amd cards because x12 and wants
that's why the coats off like
likely to be displaced
because even the game developers are
definitely not the effort in the future
operate and both apis with adapted
software release
that's why I would say x12
the future and ever said succinctly though
for the meantime quite good for some
but games will not be in the future
be relevant
Now we come to the as I think
most interesting news of the week
every case and it came out only yesterday
and that was really extreme
surprised apple wants an automobile with
build electric drive so there I have
really thought if this is a joke
I mean we really talk about
apple the iphone ipad
max whatever and who want
really make a car so that
most valuable company in the world wants
I have an electric car to produce
at first not believed but it is
so interesting so I'm here
really blown away and happy
really on the release or
on the new info if there is new too
then it is really damn
of course, apple has that
necessary small change around now for example
either to build factory halls or
easy to lift for the whole project
and what has since particularly surprised
that apple just so many
Employees have been recruited eg by tesla
of mercedes-benz of all sorts
carmakers
that is, they want to be so, so to speak
know how to buy because they have
really real with some co-workers
Negotiated contracts negotiated and bonuses
in the amount of up to $ 250,000 for
contracts are given
So, I'll tell you who would not be there
say if now apple with an offer
yes man is working is the burr
at tester or at mercedes benz
when you come to us and for us at the
and the project evolves on that
car you are coming to 50,000
euro and again a blatant
Salary surcharge so I think there would
almost no one say no and the project
just sounds so interesting that
I because the staff understand that
there have opted for apple and
then changed
So it would be really damn interesting
I really like your opinion
to hear if apple that really
can somehow manage to do something
bring out the revolutionary if the
maybe an electro somehow yes
innovate maybe make better
can because with current cars with
electric drive or battery is yes
still partially many problems too
with the range that you just only 3
400 kilometers far there is so
massive problems and that's why I would
I'm really interested in what you think about it
Hold and I'll do it all to everyone
keep an eye on your case
the whole thing is project titan
and I would say that it is one
reasonable name so there
supposedly up to 1000 at the time
Apple employees. Employees with it
Be busy and I'm really there
really excited
We look forward to seeing you in the
Write comments and then we see
join us again the next week
tech news makes a good start in the
week and until next time people
Zschau